Grails2 Export Plugin
====================

Forked merge of original
[1.7](https://github.com/gpc/export/tree/grails2) 
and latest features from 
[2.0.0](https://github.com/gpc/export)

Why?
-----------
Some features of underlying library that I need are missing in this plugin or not implemented as I want,
like pages, column styling, etc. 
Also, I'm still working with grails 2, but latest features of 2.0.0, that works only with Grails3, are not merged back to Grails2 version...
So, first commit of this branch is a pure merge of dead 1.7 and latest 2.0.0.
A new branch will be spawned for every upgrade of base line (if it ever happends at all).

What are the new features?
-----------
1.7-2.0.0-1: 
- initial merge of 1.7 and 2.0.0
- bug: Column autosize applies on size() of rows instead of columns [#28](https://github.com/gpc/export/pull/28)

Installation:
-----------
Remove 'export:1.6' from your BuildConfig.groovy
clean, run, watch for this notification:
```"Uninstalled plugin (export)"```
cancel once you see it... or wait to fail build because of the missing plugin.

**Option 1)** local/dev installation:
simply unzip files to ```PROJECT_DIR/.grails/projects/cwa/plugins/export-1.7-2.0.0-1/```
and add line somewhere at the top of your BuildConfig.groovy, outside of plugins scope
```
grails.plugin.location.export="PROJECT_DIR/.grails/projects/cwa/plugins/export-1.7-2.0.0-1"
```
For any dependency issues see BuildConfig.groovy in plugin directory.

**Option 2)** install zip into local maven repository and install plugin from there, lake you normally do:
If you running Grails < v2.3 you can use 
```
grails install-plugin
```
If you running Grails between v2.3 and 3.0 you also have two options:
create folder
```
Linux: ~/.m2/repository/org/grails/plugins/export/1.7-2.0.0-1
Windows: %HOMEPATH%\.m2\repository\org\grails\plugins\export\1.7-2.0.0-1
```
and copy zip and pom files there.
add new plugin to your BuildConfig.groovy normally:
```
    compile (':export:1.7-2.0.0-1') {
      excludes 'itext', 'itext-rtf'    // to support birt-report:4.3 dependency hell
    }
```
It it fails to start for any reason, try adding file to repository using maven command.
(Maven lives somewhere in your grails folder)
```
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=export-1.7-2.0.0-1.zip -DgroupId=org.grails.plugins -DartifactId=export -Dversion=1.7-2.0.0-1 -Dpackaging=zip
```
now go to same directory and add dependencies from my pom to that autogenerated pom file.
(If anyone knows how to integrate pom into zip - please let me know)